Come on.
It's the president, what's the matter?
Why did the stock fall?
Don't panic
Our stock has risen sharply
Occasionally a little vibration
Don't worry about anything.
It wasn't just this stock that fell again
Other other stocks are more or less looted
I bought 5 million of alms yesterday
Oh, I'm at a loss. I'm at a loss.
I also lost 20% on my Shi Shi building materials.
I heard that there has been a stock market genius recently
Nowhere boss called him Ghost Hand
We don't have that many in there.
I've heard of this guy too
The new stock trader
As soon as he appeared, he slaughtered everywhere
Hello
Save this ghost hand for Lao Tzu
everyone
No matter what the ghost hand or the holy hand
It doesn't work for me.
As expected of Master Shi
We were right to elect his president
That is.
Only the young master can stabilize this scene
Unlike some people who dare to offend the teacher
There will be no place for him after he succeeds
That's what's wrong with you
fuck